in the year that tartan came to Ashdod
in the year that tartan came to Ashdod when saga and the king of Assyria sent
when saga and the king of Assyria sent
when saga and the king of Assyria sent him and he fought against Ashdod and
him and he fought against Ashdod and
him and he fought against Ashdod and took it at the same time the Lord spoke
took it at the same time the Lord spoke
took it at the same time the Lord spoke by Isaiah the son of Amoz go and remove
by Isaiah the son of Amoz go and remove
by Isaiah the son of Amoz go and remove the sack cloth from your body and take
the sack cloth from your body and take
the sack cloth from your body and take your sandals off your feet and he did so
your sandals off your feet and he did so
your sandals off your feet and he did so walking naked and barefoot when the Lord
walking naked and barefoot when the Lord
walking naked and barefoot when the Lord said just as my servant Isaiah has
said just as my servant Isaiah has
said just as my servant Isaiah has walked naked and barefoot three years
walked naked and barefoot three years
walked naked and barefoot three years for a sign and a wonder against Egypt
for a sign and a wonder against Egypt
for a sign and a wonder against Egypt and Ethiopia so shall the king of
and Ethiopia so shall the king of
and Ethiopia so shall the king of Assyria lead away the Egyptians as
Assyria lead away the Egyptians as
Assyria lead away the Egyptians as prisoners and the Ethiopians as captives
prisoners and the Ethiopians as captives
prisoners and the Ethiopians as captives young and old naked and barefoot with
young and old naked and barefoot with
young and old naked and barefoot with their buttocks uncovered to the shaming
their buttocks uncovered to the shaming
their buttocks uncovered to the shaming of Egypt then they shall be afraid and
of Egypt then they shall be afraid and
of Egypt then they shall be afraid and ashamed of Ethiopia their expectation
ashamed of Ethiopia their expectation
ashamed of Ethiopia their expectation and Egypt their glory and the inhabitant
and Egypt their glory and the inhabitant
and Egypt their glory and the inhabitant of this territory will say in that day
of this territory will say in that day
of this territory will say in that day surely such is our expectation wherever
surely such is our expectation wherever
surely such is our expectation wherever we flee for help to be delivered from
we flee for help to be delivered from
we flee for help to be delivered from the king of Assyria and how shall we
the king of Assyria and how shall we
the king of Assyria and how shall we escape